Or write.
So we are here in the index that BHP homepage and I noticed this when I was on one of the lectures and
this is something that we placed there just in case we were from ad man and we click on View Post it
would give us a page like this but we don't need that anymore.
We don't need to check to see if the pulse is available or not and display something right.
We don't need to display anything.
We just don't display the post.
Right.
So again if you don't know what I'm talking about don't worry about it let's just go ahead and delete
it right now.
If you have this so I'm going to go to the end it's that's where it is.
And this is on the home page and that's that BHB and I just to take all this off.
I'm just going to take all that off and I'm going to make this right there.
If they were to publish then we wanted this play everything.
All right.
And refresh.
Actually we made a mistake there let's just put curly bracket there.
Refresh.
There we go.
Now that's off.
All right.
Very simple to do.
So that's just the issue there and it's not out of this world it's just a little thin there but we got
it taken care of anyways.
I'll see you.
And that's fixing a box or issue lecture.
Take care.